# Daily Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀

One step closer to finishing this app, today and a few days before I managed to add, refactor and fix stuff on this project. Beginning from the chronological order: I separated the file and folder logs function from the same class. Initially, both would do the same thing but now I don't want to log events happening to folders. I had also a bug that made the folders added within the setup screen to be added before the root folder was created, messing things up. And more important: I've finally implement the option to track or not hidden nodes. And I've made it global instead of making it a choice for each folder. That would be troublesome since what if I had a parent folder which was set to add hidden folders and it's children were set to **not do it**? Besides, I don't create a file watcher for each folder.

### Challenges Faced: 💪
Implementing the option to track folder was kinda tiresome because of two things. The Regex wasn't working and to test it I had to restart my whole app, witch would take a lot of time if you take up all the times it was done. The bigger problem was the way my class was set up. It was messy. A lot of stuff inside the initial nodes were passed as arguments. And overall, it was just bad. Gotta spend sometime refactoring it since I didn't even deleted that instance when it's done what it has to.

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭
For some reason, my app doesn't switch screens when I wait some time before loging in. Some random errors happen too. And I don't even know what caused it, so I just let it pass until the time it starts bothering me. Just a few more features and i'm probably done.

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙

Guess I just have to fix my login screen. Improve the setup one too. I need to test the logging to file feature as well.

### Additional Notes: 🗒

So close. Let's go.
