# Daily Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀

Finally managed to add tokens encryption and decryption to my project. I've been gone for a few days now trying to solve that issue and turns out only yesterday I got it. It was a really silly mistake by my part, trying to find the answer deep down on my code when the solution was on the root of the new implementation. It took my one day to redo what I had done initially and implement it the right way. I also implemented exclusion of hidden files and folders since the program I'm writing this file right now leaves a lot of settings stuff and I really didn't want it to be stored.

### Challenges Faced: 💪
The greatest challenge was realize the problem I had was much more simpler that I had in mind. My software is becoming more and more complex an once something breaks, my first thought is always look at the new stuff implementation not as a whole. I could've solved that with the right `console.log` but it took me a random change to make it work.

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭

One step closer to finally getting it more closer to what google drive is. One thing that really is bothering me is that I'm currently storing the tokens secret offline. And that's the only way for me to hash tokens and try to convey some sensation of safety to the user when I don't wanna use any cloud tokens since that would take much more knowledge than I own right now beside making the project much more complex. So if I ignore the secret being stored offline, I start thinking that eventually I'll have to store all file data locally as well. I can't require people to have MySQL installed. And my app simply cannot run on the cloud. Nowhere to run, I'll have to switch all that to using local storage.

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙

Guess I'll finally start allowing the user to pick the folder to track. I think I'm gonna need a lot of new functionality to implement that. One example being a class to track all the folders to track. And that will probably be another part of the puzzle because I won't need to create a NodeTracker instance directly on UserManager. I'll have a class to do that for it.

### Additional Notes: 🗒

I'm really confused on how long the credentials will inspire and I'll have to delete user data and do login again. Since token expiration does not depend on me, I'll have to wait for that.
