## What
This is the first note that I won't use a template like before because this one is a special one. I've been delaying this for a long time because I didn't know if I would continue on this project when changing to a new tool since it was at first a really big challenge. I had no idea on how to switch React and Express, tools I knew, for something new. Besides, I really wanted to implement a local storage that can work as a database to store all user data. So I only knew that I had to make some big changes in my project which I couldn't tell if it was gonna work at all.
## Why
Delay explained, now let's switch on to why I did it. First real thing that bothered me was when I was creating the front end app setup page where I intended to add a button to pick the folders the users wanted to track and realized that wasn't possible due to a browser security. It is not safe to let users get the full path to folders. At first I tried to search for alternatives and soon ChatGPT suggested me to use ElectronJS. I have already used it once, even tried to start a course on the topic and my thought about the tool wasn't the best after that even though I didn't know why. Now I kinda do but I'll get to it in a minute. The other thing that got me wishing to discard React and Express was the limitations of a web application. Lately, I've been thinking that maybe I never really wanted to develop apps for the web and that the part I really like is develop for desktop. All the apps I really felt motivated to keep developing were the ones I needed to do something repetitive faster or that would really help on a specific case. Like automating flashcards creation and keeping tracking of files and folders on Linux. Apps with both a back-end and a GUI where I can download the tool, install it and run it. No hosting or that sort of stuff besides being able to interact with computer processes.
## How
Now let's begin on the process of switching to another tool. My first step was to literally install Electron and try to use the documentation or tutorials to integrate typescript along. It didn't work at all. And I really didn't hope it would work since typescript can be a pain to setup manually. There weren't many Electron courses on Udemy and I remember that when i started the first one, it had a lot of out of date code that had me really despondent. So I went with the second top rated one. And the dude did not delve deep into how the tool worked but he showed how to do communication between the client (GUI) interface and the server. He used plain Javascript the whole course and in the last section, he showed how to implement React into the project. At that moment, I was really thinking about learning a new language that had better tools to work with desktop development since I had a lot of troubles. But being able to use React rekindled my efforts on trying to make it all work. The next challenge I had to face was to integrate Electron + Typescript and React. And I spent a lot of time on that, getting error after error until I saw a template with exactly what I needed. Then, I went on doing the GUI and client interface. I didn't spent much time on the visuals, my goal was to see if I could make it work so I set up the first screen: oAuth page. I was at a loss on how to use what I used on the server but with ChatGPT, I figured out how to work around that. Even now, it's not perfect but I'll fix it eventually. Soon I had to find a way to work with switching different screens, sending events back and forth between client and server and React Router helped me do that.  Next, I had to figure out how to take what I had as a web app and integrate it to the new project. I started with the storage system. Since I meant to make it a standalone app, I could not require the user to have Mysql installed or host the DB on the cloud. So I went with my own kind of db using the `electron-store` package. It's not nearly as practical as using a real db but it worked just fine and now, I can say it's much better than my first implementation. Switch all the code I had for my db took some time but it worked out in the end. And for my surprise, most of my project was working. I could log into my account, save my credentials, set up tracking folders and root folder and get to save and upload my folders. After all that, another problem I faced was the project structure. My code was scattered all over the place so I took some time to get it to a better state. I managed to modularize my store for folders and files using generics and avoided a lot of code duplication for both types. I wish I could do that on the File and Folder node but that would be a bigger challenge. Right now, I need to switch the File's mysql implementation for my own db. At least, that's the plan. Little by little the project progresses.