# Daily Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀

Almost at the finish line of the project I had at first planned in my mind. Actually I already could start using it in order to test it. Maybe I will build it for this purpose later. I added two things that were missing until now: `logout` system and `themes`. The first is the option in which the user can log out and all his data (credentials, logs, tracking nodes) will be erased, forcing the user the login again. The second is the option to switch between a light and a dark mode. Pretty simple to add using bootstrap. I've also done a lot of code cleanup: split my main code into new classes and fixed the styling in a lot of components.

### Challenges Faced: 💪
In order to refactor my code into a MainWindow class I had to go through some headaches. Specially with the events since if you miss something initially, it can show up later in a specific situation and really screw your app. I tried splitting it's code even further but I got some weird errors involving Webpack and I didn't want to deal with that right now.

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭
Maybe the only thing left before I start thinking about starting another project is to style my sign up screen properly. I also wanted to avoid screen change when the user had folders to be added and save the theme into the user storage. Maybe fiddle with the screen size, shortcuts, tray options since I don't want the app to close when it's closed. Remove the web dev tools. There are more things than I thought at first glance...

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙

I don't think I'll be able to work on this project tomorrow but I'll start working on all the remaining stuff that was said above. It is a lot but none seem particularly difficult.

### Additional Notes: 🗒

I don't know if I'm gonna post this project on my Linkedin profile since looking outwardly it seems so much simpler than it really is but I see a lot of beginner projects there. Like, really beginner stuff. This one took me months to finish, I gotta do it.