# Daily Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀
Finally I've had free time to fiddle with my project. I've finished the Folder node re-implementation with the new storage system and now everything works just as before. Next, I had to start working on the File node. For my surprise, it was much more easier since it was so similar with the folder nodes. My system can once again track files when it's running and when it is not, add, update and delete folders and files locally and on the Google Drive platform using my own storage system.  Now I only need to do some minor stuff to improve my code and I'll have finished this troublesome feature.

### Challenges Faced: 💪
My main challenge in this project is by far refactoring the code to look more nice and perform better. I've been able to simplify a lot of duplicate code using classes, interfaces and generics but I still have a long way to go when it comes to making the code really clean. But let's make it work first.

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭

I haven't realized but now that I'm so close to finish this system, I can't think of what I'm doing next. There are sure a lot of stuff to be done like:
* User interface
* Show node status on front-end
* Add UI buttons for adding more tracking folders or deleting it
* Documentation
* Code Refactor
* Settings page

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙
I guess I'll stick to starting the events system to show nodes status on the user interface and maybe be able to avoid having to look at the terminal to see what's is going on with my nodes. Adding a button to add tracking folders and deleting it should be kinda easy as well.

### Additional Notes: 🗒

Little by little I get close to making this project seem like something that I should be proud of.

### Back to Home