# Daily Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀

I spent my time looking for a package in order to look for files changes once my system would still need a long way to go, specially when it comes to real time file update and events. So using ChatGPT I’ve found Chokidar and after reading through it’s documentation, I think it’s just what I need. I’ve just spent some time playing with it’s API, seeing what every one of the events look for in order to trigger itself.

### Challenges Faced: 💪

The thing going over in my head right now is how I’ll be able to integrate the package into my Database. My first problem is that once I run the project, the chokidar API trigger three events: ************ready, add************ and *********addDir.********* They basically go over all folders and files and for each one, trigger the respective event. My firsth thought is compairing each folder date to a date stored in the db, if it changed since last modified date, loop over files and update them, otherwise, ignore the folder completely and look for new changes. The thing is, if i loop over all the files, I’ll have to possibly make lots of requests to my DB and that’s not how it is supposed to work. The alternative to it would never stop the program but that ain’t going to work so I’ll have to stick to option number one.

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭

I’m feeling like my job is done for today because i’ve learned a lot of things that are going to let me make my project better. Instead of rushing and going to code straight away, I think it’s best for me to understand the tools I have to work with in order to better use them.

{Write about your thoughts and feelings towards your work today. Did you feel productive? Did you learn something new? Write down any reflections or insights you had while working.}

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙

I’m going to sleep on how to proceed with my project, especially the integration of chokindar into my application and hopefully things will be clearer afther some thought.

### Additional Notes: 🗒

I’ll have to branch my project in order to be safe from a disaster.