# Daily Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀

And let's not say something will be easy until it's really done again. It took me some time but eventually I managed to add the possibility of deleting folders that you're tracking and erasing everything related to it from the storage, meaning any changes you make to that folder won't result in a new file or folder created on Google Drive. I've also done some fiddling with more than one folder and fixed some bugs.

### Challenges Faced: 💪

The biggest challenge today was finding where the bugs came from. With so many process going on, all I have to figure it out are the logs and my brain. One part that really bothered me was when I tried to delete an instance of a Class and it kept working despite deleting all supposed references to it. Only then I realized that it had set up some events in order to track the nodes. When I unsubscribed from it, it worked perfectly. 

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭

This project is getting more and more though to navigate. So many files and even more coming along now that I have to create components for the UI. I'll have to spend some time refactoring it eventually. Put the main window into it's own class, as well as the login window. Create a function to setup all the events.
Besides, I started ignoring how to UI look for now since I know that as the project grows, changes will be made. And I'd hate to have wasted time on something I had to change.

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙

Create a add folder to track screen and the functionality to do it.
