# Project Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀

Now we can add new tracking folders and go through all the other processes alongside having a glimmer of what will be the logging system. And to do that I had to add a logging system to track all the node events that happened. I'll probably filter it to get only the events withing a certain period of time so I don't get a huge list of events on the Client.

### Challenges Faced: 💪

I guess I postponed the headache I'll have trying to discover the best way to deal with the messy code I have now. The problem is, The only way to pass events to the client is using the Main window object located at the top of my code and the class I need to pass it through is nested deep down. I could pass it using the parameters of children classes until it gets there but even thinking about it seems like a crime. I went with using the node events approach. Now I have two problems. The names I use in them need to be really explicit since it'll get really hard for me to debug it otherwise. The other one is that I need a common Event Emitter between the top and bottom of my code. For now, I put it in the most obvious place, that being the singleton class that can be accessed anywhere but if I could think of a better solution, it'd be really nice. Besides that, I really need to turn the main window into it's own classe because the file is becoming a huge mess.

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭

If you ignore the looks of it, I already have something really close to what I had in mind initially. Most of the hardest UI functionalities are done, now I need to get the events logs I'm sending and transform it in something that looks good. I thought about using icons but the ones I want are paid in font awesome. Guess I should be really happy for this project to be so advanced already. I also want to try to avoid the File and Folder class I am instantiating for each node since that probably is consuming lots and lots of ram. I think that creating a class to contain all the nodes and do some logic on them is the best option. But that's for another day.

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙

Guess I'll try to get the node logs and transform the data that's being passed and transform it into something that can be display on the client. I also want to transform the Main window into a class. I'm saying this but who know when I'll be working on my project again since I have to work + go to college this week. 

### Additional Notes: 🗒

I can't confirm whether it's the node process or/and Webstorm that are using lots of RAM or if my app that's really un-optimized but the RAM usage when I'm running the electron server is huge. Luckily I have 16 GB's and despite getting to 13 GBs of usage, I guess I'm safe until I can finish this project.
