# Daily Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀

I begun refactoring my system switching the old messy code I had for the classes based one. Before, I had a lot of code that looked almost the same for files and folders and now I use an interface in order to transfer the responsibility to the children classes on how to implement them. And it actually worked pretty well, I created an abstract class, declared everything that a Watchable item needed and created the system on the main class using those implemented methods. After some time I managed to get it working and then I had to figure out how to use chokidar API to track files and folders being added. The thing is, the event that is triggered when a folder/file is added happen almost instantaneously, making it impossible to wait for the logic on the item before, causing my root folder to not be created in time, breaking all my code. So I had to create a function for that, adding all initial files and only then running the file tracking functions.

### Challenges Faced: 💪

The really though part was wrapping my head around on how to grab what I had and turn it into something where I had a base and I no matter how many different types of data (files,folders, images, music) I throed at the system, it would be possible to turn it to a watchable item and run all my logic over it. And then there is the chokidar package. It is being kinda hard to figure the best way to use its API for my case. 

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭

I’m really proud because after days I finally made to advance in this project even though it is kind of like a step back since now I don't have the same functionalities I had but I feel that it's way easier to implement new features now. And I finally have the file tracking feature and it's working together with my API.

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙

Tomorrow I need to finish implementing the file update feature besides refactoring the Watcher class.

### Additional Notes: 🗒

Soon I'll have to search ways to avoid having to get a new refresh token from google