# Daily Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀

After more or less a month and I'm finally back home baby. How I missed the feeling of creating something, expressing some parts of me into something else, making something that will optimize a repetitive process and give me knowledge at the same time. I've added a lot of minor improvements:
* Hide navbar when on `setup` and `login` screen.
* Show that there are no nodes on `home` and `allFolders` screen.
* Disable log messages for folders since they don't really aggregate that much.
* Navbar tabs now switch color based on the active tab
* Merged the `addFolder` screen into `allFolders` screen since both can be included there.
* New style for `allFolders` screen.

### Challenges Faced: 💪
I had a really though time the first minutes I opened this project today. Thing is, I've been spending quite some time learning about UML since I really need a way to refactor my project structure. With so many classes and events, I know that debugging any bugs could become a nightmare. So I thought: "time to refactor, let's use what I learned". And I felt of my face when I tried to use what I learned with something so big. I think I'd be more successful if I started with the isolated parts that can work on it's own like the the folder and file nodes but the way I set it up will make everything stop working if I change something there. So the solution was ignore the problems and just keep on going cause otherwise I'd just be stressed and I'd close the project and don't look behind.

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭

Bootstrap is really making a diference in the way my project is looking. Even though I don't like the design part, being able to make it look good-ish for me is enough. And I'm really learning a lot about it now since I'm delving into the docs every now and then. 
And it's probably the time I'll be needing to add redux into my project now that I have two states I need to access across deep nested components. First one being the `isLoading` overlay. And that is really important because I need to prevent the user from using the app while I'm adding or deleting nodes since it's really easy to break the app when that is going on. So I need an overlay to avoid that. I tried to add a spinner but the spinner itself didn't show up. The second thing I need is a notification system to notify the user of what is going on. I've already done both features before, so maybe setting up redux with Electron will be the biggest hurdle. Guess I'll find out eventually.

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙

I probably won't have that much time tomorrow but when I do I'll be implementing Redux and redoing the login page style.

### Additional Notes: 🗒

I've spent too much time into this project to give up now. Let's go.
