
# Daily Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀

I finally managed to finish chokidar implementation on my project. And despite the problem of triggering all events at the same time, it is still way better than the system I had created before. Even better now that I managed to organize my code, create a class to expose chokidar functions that I’d use and set some functions to deal with offline node alterarion. Everything is working right now, i can create, update and delete files or folders and regardless of the server running or not, everything will be handled with it’s respective action when the server starts again. 

### Challenges Faced: 💪

I’ve really racked my brain trying to fix a typo which made my program not work. It was really at my nose and I got really deep in my application trying to find what was wrong. Now a real challege I’m facing is system architecture. I’m not sure that the main class I have is well structered. It does what it’s supossed to but I think that maybe I should try to turn it the more generic I can. Maybe I’m watching my TS course too much. The instructor is doing a whole different project which really requires classes to be dinamic and be of different types.

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭

The performance of my application is starting to get me worried because the RAM it uses is a lot. I still don’t know if the whole Node process that appears on process manager is my application but it could be. Looking through my code I can find a lot of room to refactor such as not making x requests for each file I have.

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙

I’m going to try using Sequelize to manage my DB without having to write queries by hand. I heard it supports type so I’m really excited to use something new and that can improve my code a lot.****

### Additional Notes: 🗒

I still need to spend some time doing error handling.