# Daily Journal - Lindrive 💻

### Today's Progress: 🚀
Lot's of improvements today starting with the thing I needed to do the most before proceeding: implementing Redux. I needed to get some of the dust off since It was a long time since I was working with React state management. I could've used React Context but I have no idea on how that works with Typescript and I wanted to avoid the headache. So after doing it, it was really easy to add some other features that would be really troublesome to do without some global data. Here's a list of some of the new features and changes:

* All screens componentes were moved into it's own folder.
* Added a loading screen with the help of `react-spinners` that look really nice.
* Added a notification component and state that can be easily triggered.
* Fixed some bugs involving initial setup, folder deletion and creation.

I've also done some refactoring and Webstorm really helped me out auto renaming files and paths.

### Challenges Faced: 💪
I'm having some troubles I've had to work around especially with Electron and React. Since I need to listen to the server and client events, I also have to unsubscribe from these events so I don't have hundreds of listeners doing stuff hundreds of times. But for some reason, some events don't seem to be called on it's first render. An example being that the folders deleted weren't filtered out of the screen because the event wasn't triggered. I still got some event's being called more than one time.

### Thoughts and Reflections: 💭

The most time I spend with Bootstrap seems like I've learned a lot about it. It's incredible easy to learn and it's docs are awesome. My layouts are getting better without feeling pain working with CSS. I still think I need to spend some time organizing my components. And I really need to think about creating a class for sending notifications to the client from the server since it's a redundant task that takes a lot of lines. I also need to separate file and folder log class since I've decided to only show files changes in the home.

### Plans for Tomorrow: 📙
Guess I'll have to try to do what I said above: separate the file and folder log class, create a notification class and hopefully finish the app setup screen and adding the option to save or not hidden files. and hopefully work on a dark theme.


### Additional Notes: 🗒
And looking outwardly now I'm seeing that despite all the time it took, I'm not that far away from finishing this app.
